Skip to content
Explore
Feed
Inbox
1
Jobs
Events
People
Employers
Career center
Handshake AI
Get the app
11
XG
Robinhood
Financial Services
Software Engineering Intern, Android (Summer 2026)
Posted 5 months ago∙Apply by March 23, 2026 at 5:00 AM
Save
Share
Apply externally
At a glance
$48/hr
Hybrid, based in Menlo Park, CA
Work in person for part of the week, from the location
Internship
Full-time∙From May 11, 2026 to August 14, 2026
US work authorization required
Job description
About the team + role
We are building an elite team, applying frontier technologies to the world’s biggest financial problems. We’re looking for bold thinkers. Sharp problem-solvers. Builders who are wired to make an impact. Robinhood isn’t a place for complacency, it’s where ambitious people do the best work of their careers. We’re a high-performing, fast-moving team with ethics at the center of everything we do. Expectations are high, and so are the rewards.
We’re looking for talented and motivated Android Engineers to join our award-winning team and help expand Robinhood’s mobile experience.
This role is based in our Menlo Park, CA office, with in-person attendance expected at least 3 days per week.
At Robinhood, we believe in the power of in-person work to accelerate progress, spark innovation, and strengthen community. Our office experience is intentional, energizing, and designed to fully support high-performing teams.
What you’ll do
Collaborate with our award-winning design team throughout the full product lifecycle.
Contribute to new features and play a role in building products that will change how America views finance.
Help shape the future of our Android platform.
Explore and build innovative Android UI/UX.
Work with technologies such as Kotlin, RxJava 2, Retrofit/OkHttp, Dagger 2, and Room.
What you bring
Currently enrolled in a full-time, degree-seeking program with an expected graduation date in Winter 2026/Spring 2027.
A solid foundation in software engineering.
An interest in front-end work, specifically visually driven product design and shaping user experience.
Familiarity with Android components and experience building or contributing to at least one Android app.
Experience building, maintaining, or contributing to open-source projects.
Familiarity with Kotlin, RxJava 2, Dagger 2, and other libraries in our tech stack.
A self-starter mentality and a proactive approach.
What we offer
Market competitive compensation structure
Quarterly lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Time away including company holidays, paid time off, and sick time!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits
Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. The expected hourly range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Zone 1 (Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Bellevue, WA; Washington, DC)
$48 - $48 USD
Zone 2 (Denver, CO; Westlake, TX; Chicago, IL)
$42 - $42 USD
Zone 3 (Lake Mary, FL; Clearwater, FL; Gainesville, FL)
$37 - $37 USD
Less
What they're looking for
You match some qualifications.
Graduates by May 2027
Bachelors
Masters
Computer Science major
Matching is based on your profile.
Update profile.
About the employer
Robinhood
Financial Services
Follow
1,000-5,000 employees
Menlo Park, CA
At Robinhood, we’re on a mission to democratize finance for all.
Our early talent programs advance this mission by bringing in the next generation of high performance talent through innovative, hands-on experiences. We give students and new grads the chance to build real skills, ship meaningful work, and bring fresh ideas that help us rethink what’s possible in finance.
Learn more about Robinhood
Similar Jobs
Newrez
Financial Services
2026 Summer Internship - Software Engineering
Internship∙May 31–Aug 6
Coppell, Texas, United States of America
∙
5mo ago
Scale AI
Internet & Software
Software Engineering Intern (Summer 2026)
Unpaid∙Internship
United States
∙
5mo ago
ASM
Electronic & Computer Hardware
Software Engineering Intern (Summer 2026)
Internship∙Apr 30–Sep 29
Phoenix, Arizona, United States
∙
1mo ago
C3 AI
Internet & Software
Software Engineer - Intern (Summer 2026)
$6–8K/mo∙Internship∙May 31–Sep 3
Redwood City, California, United States
∙
4wk ago
Eversource Energy
Utilities and Renewable Energy
2026 Summer Software Engineering Intern
$20–30/hr∙Internship∙May 26–Aug 13
Windsor, Connecticut, United States
∙
2wk ago
Blackstone LaunchPad
Financial Services
UKG | Software Engineering Internship - Summer 2026
$23–30/hr∙Internship∙May 31–Aug 13
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States + 5
∙
New
Alumni at this employer
Erick Alcala
Solution Consultant
Follow